docs: Update for multiple metric dimensions (#38)
promitor/docs: docs/scraping/labels.md

## Metric dimension labels

> Metrics support specifying dimensions which will be scraped in Azure Monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics support specifying dimension(s) which will be scraped in Azure Monitor.
```
